Cleanup docs: Pre-fill and lock local account creation screen during out-of-the-box macOS setup (#19225)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| Name                           | Type    | In    | Description                                                                                 |
| -------------          | ------  | ----  | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------      |
| team_id                        | integer | body  | The team ID to apply the settings to. Settings applied to hosts in no team if absent.       |

> | enable_end_user_authentication | boolean | body  | When enabled, require end users to authenticate with your identity provider (IdP) when they setup their new macOS hosts. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable_end_user_authentication | boolean | body  | When enabled, require end users to authenticate with your identity provider (IdP) when they set up their new macOS hosts. |
```
